Privacy Policy
Introduction
Our privacy policy will help you understand what information we collect at NullSpot, how Image to PDF Converter app uses it, and what choices you have. NullSpot built the Image to PDF Converter app as a free app. This SERVICE is provided by NullSpot at no cost and is intended for use as is. If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation with this policy. The Personal Information that we collect are used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible on our website, unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.

Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, I may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that I request will be retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way.

The app does use third-party services that may collect information used to identify you.

Link to the privacy policy of third-party service providers used by the app

Google Play Services
AdMob
Google Analytics for Firebase

Notes:
This app is not connected to WhatsApp. It is a tool for downloading status photos and videos.
We respect the copyright of the owners. Thus, do not download or repost videos & photos without the authorization of the owners. Make sure you have the right to keep the statuses before saving and resharing.

Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data that is commonly used an anonymous unique identifier. These are sent to your browser from the website that you visit and are stored on your devices’s internal memory.
 
Location Information
No access to location.

Device Information
We collect information from your device in some cases. The information will be utilized for the provision of better service and to prevent fraudulent acts. Additionally, such information will not include that which will identify the individual user.

Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:

To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.

Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information; thus, we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Children’s Privacy
This Service does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we can take necessary actions.

Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.

Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.
Contact Information:
Email: nullspotapps@gmail.com
